# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   etils
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via tensorflow-datasets
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dm-tree==0.1.9
    # via tensorflow-datasets
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via simple-parsing
etils==1.12.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via etils
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.68.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
immutabledict==4.2.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via etils
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.32.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
keras==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.3.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.14.0
    # via keras
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keras
    #   nbconvert
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   tensorflow-datasets
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.9.4
    # via keras
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==75.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
simple-parsing==0.1.7
    # via tensorflow-datasets
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-keras==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-metadata==1.16.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-text==2.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   etils
    #   optree
    #   referencing
    #   simple-parsing
    #   tensorflow
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.21.0
    # via etils
